# WebProject
Here are some of my early projects that I built by following materials from several sources as well as affiliated with fellow developers.

I am very passionate on Web technologies and trends, looking for an opportunity to build a career where I could get a chance to get acquainted with various technologies and tools to develop my newly acquired  skills and experience to showcase a bright portfolio in this profession.

I am looking for a good software/IT company to get affiliated with to practice real world, service-oriented projects to implement my knowledge on basic web technologies i.e HTML, CSS, Javascript, Front-end framework like React (Next.js) along with CSS libraries and other relevent tools and extensions. In an environment where I would support the team in developing and maintaining websites, writing clean and maintainable code, fixing bugs where it is necessary. I am strongly motivated with learning new technologies and implement best coding practices. I will assist in testing websites in different browsers and devices to ensure cross browser functionality and improve overall user experience. Understanding responsive web design principles is the key to provide efficient service to clients.
I believe that hands-on experience is the best way to grow in Software development, as it allows to truly understand the intricacies of building real-world applications. I have the proper mindset to read out documentation from any source to test & troubleshoot problems which may arise during projects. I try to give attention to details and thoroughly analyze data to render a specific task to harmoniously integrate with logic and components. I have good problem-solving & debugging nature which is necessary in dealing with issues on the way to a project. As a developer intern, I won’t just be observing - I’ll be actively working on real-world projects, solving challenges and gain practical experience in a professional work environment. I am full of passion for coding, highly motivated to learn and grow with technologies and practices, strong-problem solving skills and a proactive attitude towards learning new industry trends and collaboration to catch up with latest coding cenventions and technologies.

